a lot of those videos they may not get a
million views a month but they may get
50 000 views a month and very consistent
yes and then when you have a hundred 200
of those videos The View count adds up
to being a lot
what are like the the five plus in your
opinion
so I mean I mean is it your opinion or
is it a fact I mean I'm not sure if the
algorithm algorithm is open the
algorithm is not open okay but they say
there's a lot of factors so there's 200
plus but there's been a lot of data and
studies so we look at we analyze over
900 million domains and we know the
factors that really impact rankings so
number one is how popular is your brand
like if you have a popular brand like
Nike or
um uh Global you're less likely to
create fake news right because people
trust it so Google wants to rank Brands
higher so branding is what a big factor
and if you look at the top 10 search
queries on Google almost all of them are
Brands I think the majority like six or
seven of them are brands
the second thing that you really need to
focus on is creating amazing content if
you don't create amazing content they
won't know what to rank you on the
content doesn't have to be text it could
be video it could be audio it could be
text it can be any of them because
Google can decipher videos right they
own YouTube they can decipher audios and
of course they understand text
the third thing you need to do is make
sure that other people link to you so
it's like votes you guys just had a
presidential election the reason the
president won is because he had more
votes right so on the internet a vote is
a one website linking to another website
so the more websites linking to yours
that are relevant and good the higher
you're going to end up ranking
three you need to button up your code
your code on your website the three was
the the backlinks four sorry four the
four four is your code
the code but how important is the code I
mean it's because of the loading time
yes it's it's very relevant yes because
it's loading time you take out your
phone and if it takes you 10 seconds to
load a website you're not gonna stay
there you're gonna go on to the next one
but the reason code is important not
just for loading time but for them to
crawl your page see if your code is
messy like a messy kitchen if you're
cooking a recipe but you can't find
where everything is it's gonna take you
forever and people get frustrated but if
your code is clean
like your kitchen is organized it makes
it much easier and search engines prefer
that
and then the last one that no one really
considers a factor but you'll understand
this one is time
see everyone wants everything right now
you have to be consistent you have to do
this long enough
just like you it took you years before
you really started to take off see I I
know a lot of people who talk about you
in Brazil and they say your overnight
success I disagree I don't mean this in
a negative way I mean in a positive way
you worked very hard for many many years
to get to where you are right now it
wasn't just all of a sudden you're oh
everyone sees you and that's it you put
in so many hours and years to create
this company right it doesn't happen
overnight and people think that you can
just get amazing results whether it's in
marketing or business no one builds a
big business in one year it takes three
four five ten years to build something
massive yes
and it's really good hearing you say all
of that like it's it's like you talking
a clean and very understandable way like
you use metaphors and all of this this
is so cool thank you so much the top
five things are brand
awesome content yeah backlinks yeah a
clean code and time by time you don't
mean timing right it's time like
consistent consistent and being patient
so you have to continually do it for
many years but you have to wait many
years people want to do something and
get the results right away it's like an
investing when you pick a stock
you can't control inflation you can't
control who's going to be president you
can't control a lot of factors that can
make the stock market go up or down but
if you believe in the company like I
believe in Amazon I believe in apple I
believe in Google I've owned a lot of
these stocks for a long time I'm not
giving Financial advice I'm just saying
I've owned these stocks for a long time
so some years they go up some years they
go down but because I believe in the
companies in the long run I've done very
well because I pick the right ones right
so you have to be consistent because you
can't always time things remember we
earlier we were talking about oh did you
get lucky and do it at the right exact
moment when I say timing is is you have
to be patient and consistent because
even a lot of good companies like a
Google or Apple sometimes they have a
bad year even if they're making more
money because you can't control the
inflation you can't control supply chain
these are all things that can hurt
companies but in the long run
you know you're wearing an Apple Watch
you have an iPhone
amazing company that creates amazing
products I'm not telling people they
should buy the stock that's up to them
I'm just saying
when I see something I like I'll buy it
and I'll hold it for the long term
oh okay very very good and it makes
uh very good sense from what I've
studied like I'm a beginner uh when I'm
near you but they make sense for me a
lot of sense and you you probably had
tons of cases like you've helped a lot
of companies grow a lot I know a lot of
companies you've helped and you probably
had have a lot of other ones can you
share uh AKs a good case with us and
maybe sharing like the logic the
mathematic logic of this thing like we
have a hundred thousand searches for
this keyword the site in the first
position has like 40 percent of the
clicks each click is like ten dollars or
something like can you tell me a case
yeah so a great example of this is uh
empiricals so empiricals when they
started getting into uh cryptocurrencies
they weren't ranking for a lot of the
terms we got them number one in Brazil
when we were working with them for the
term Bitcoin and wait a year you you did
it uh pre-covet pre-covet okay so with
that term Bitcoin it was so popular
right the amount of emails that they
were generating
was thousands and thousands and
thousands then from the emails they
start pushing products that they sell
and they were starting to generate from
what we could see
tons and tons of Revenue I can't
actually tell you their revenue numbers
but you get the point right it's one of
the most popular financial terms right
and you know
um I know you know the uh Rico people
Rico XP when we worked with them
for in two year period we got them over
two million visits two million visits
two million from just SEO
think about how many signups you're
gonna get and how much revenue that can
generate for you in the long run right
so it can go with all businesses you
know like um
uh in the United States and actually
globally now even including Latin
America United States uh Europe we work
with Adobe so Adobe is everywhere right
they're software
now they spend so much money on paid
advertising
what if you can get that traffic for
free and cheaper and it's been such a
big Roi that when Adobe started with us
now their campaign is four or five times
larger because the ROI is so massive
right and we even won awards for our
work with Adobe uh we got search
marketing Awards but the same goes with
paid advertising you know a lot of
people are spending money in Brazil that
we're seeing on Facebook and Google and
they're not fine-tuning their landing
pages their copy for conversions and we
go in there we fix a lot of these things
so that way when someone is spending you
know three four million Hayes a month on
ads and we start giving them 30 40 50
more efficiencies that's a lot of
savings
see uh I started uh growing my YouTube
channel when I started applying SEO
mechanics on my videos because back then
uh the Youtube algorithm wasn't so good
as it is today and even today the
YouTube algorithm reads a lot of texts
like the
the the tags we put in the videos the
terminal roll name of the file like the
title of the video yep and I started
producing a lot of videos with a long
tail like how to invest your money your
money for beginners like how to buy a
Tesoro select how to start investing how
to buy a crypto investing uh in crypto a
lot of terms that we have a lot of uh
searches every month and these videos
weren't as good as the ones I produce
when I'm aiming at timing but they have
like a longer tail yes and I have a lot
of those little seeds planted and now
we're talking and I have I have a lot of
videos growing from time to time even
the ones I produce like five years ago
like that's the beauty of the SEO right
yes and the beauty of it is a lot of
those videos they may not get million
views a month but they may get 50 000
views a month and very consistent yes
and then when you have a hundred two
hundred of those videos The View count
adds up to being a lot hmm
and maybe it's I feel it's more
qualified because much more it's like
the answer for a question is not like
something okay let's watch it it's like
a answer an answer a someone needs so
when they look for an answer they're
more uh open to buy something to become
a leader or something like and when we
talk about SEO in Brazil and in the
states I feel especially when we're
talking about uh paid search that Brazil
has a lot to develop I feel here it's a
little cheaper than it is in the US a
lot of companies didn't do it here
already what are the difference for you
that works in both countries and maybe
other countries when we talk about SEO
and competitive scenario on both
countries yes so first off it is much
cheaper in Brazil than the US and even a
lot of European countries but the
revenue you generate per click is also
Less in Brazil
it's like oh ah okay understood you you
get what I mean because of buying power
right yes yes so so companies were
willing to pay like apple is willing to
pay more in America for the click than
they would in Brazil because the buying
power is larger it doesn't mean Brazil's
bad it just means that because a
currency exchange right right now it's
like uh I think 5.5 to 1 or somewhere
around that yes yes something like that
so like if you want to buy Apple product
in Brazil yes the clicks are cheaper but
that laptop is very expensive for a
Brazilian so the conversion rates is
much smaller yeah yes
um but the tactics and the strategies
are the same so we do see in Brazil SEO
and paid advertising a lot of big
companies are starting to do it
it is getting competitive but it's not
as competitive in the states or even in
Europe
um because it's more up and coming in
Brazil so this is the opportunity for
businesses to go and spend more because
it's a blue ocean it's wide open there's
not as much competition but the factors
the way you get the rankings like we
talked about the five main points it's
the same if you're in the United States
or in Brazil or in the UK or in India
there's not much of a difference even
social media marketing for YouTube
marketing or even
um you know uh Facebook or Instagram
it's the same in all the countries like
with YouTube we do the same stuff from
the images to the tags to the thumbnails
to try to get more clicks to try to
creating a video that people love so
they keep sticking around
but what we see is in places like Europe
or in North America it's more
competitive because you have way more
people it's harder because you have way
more people creating content for the
same exact terms so yes a great example
for this is you know the term seguro
auto insurance uh yeah insurance so in
the America United States for the term
auto insurance there's less than 200 000
searches a month
there's over 1.1 billion with the B
results
so very very competitive because there's
so many people competing for those 200
000 searches a month
a lot of people like cease SEO as a way
of
not having the need to work anymore I
mean your products some blog posts then
you have a good landing page a digital
product and you don't work ever again
there are a lot of books even talking uh
something like that like work one two
three hours a day and all this stuff but
how much time do you think we need to
expect
to reasonably wait for results
so
two things one if you with Google they
do over nine algorithm changes per day
so if you stop doing SEO and creating
content over time you'll notice that
your traffic will start going down
so you can't actually stop
two
you need to do it for more than a few
hours a day it needs to be a dedication
if you have a business like you do you
need to have people within the company
Focus to it if you are doing it yourself
you need to spend more than an hour to
two hours a day you may need to spend
three four hours and do other stuff as
well to run the business
and then to see the results
you'll start seeing results within six
months but it usually after two years
you really start seeing amazing results
but within six months you'll see some
good traction okay so from six to two
six months to two years like when you
talk about SEO uh you usually help
companies on YouTube and other platforms
or usually on Google Google being uh
YouTube Tick Tock is there a difference
on how much time to expect the results
yes so we pretty much do any major
platform where there's search we
technically do marketing on every
platform for our clients we do all
digital platforms but um YouTube you can
get results in 24 hours yes it's very
different it's very different Google
long run it can take six months to two
years Tick Tock we're seeing results
within days at the latest
um LinkedIn search isn't as popular but
you know with most social media
platforms it's all about what's new and
fresh most social platforms you can see
results within days at the latest
it's very as someone produces content on
social media it's like it's very hard to
produce on social media because you need
to uh get right the timing of the things
and then a lot of the things you just
produced like age is not very well and
it if it generates results it did if it
doesn't there's no more use for that
content so that's why I really love to
produce on YouTube
and also in Google but more on YouTube
because it have it has a long tail and
on Tick Tock the things are crazy the
algorithm is crazy it's very fast-paced
it's very different like if you could
give us some hints or some tips to maybe
apply SEO to tick tock what would be the
main tips here so I'll actually do
something even better I'm going to tell
you one tip for all platforms I did so
cool okay so we'll start with Tick Tock
the big thing on Tick Tock they actually
want a lot of comments the first day the
video goes live
so if you have comments that are
engaging and sometimes even if they say
something different than you and it
creates other people to leave more
comments that's what actually causes the
video to go more viral comments the top
tier of the engagement in Tick Tock then
yes you need comments and a lot of them
right when a video goes live okay and
not comments like good job or amazing it
needs to be a real conversations real
conversations
YouTube
it's all about how much traction does
your video get in the first day so what
we do is when we release a video you
send email blast push notification blast
SMS blast so that way everyone sees it
in the first 24 hours then that video is
more likely to get suggested and ranked
higher it's all about the first 24 hours
with that
with Facebook we see videos that are
over five minutes generate over 80
percent more views we analyze over 900
company Facebook pages and the videos
that were over five minutes performed
over 80 better than the shorter form
videos so Facebook wants so not not
YouTube Facebook wants longer form
videos but like uh is there somebody
still using Facebook it is they're super
popular really not an our age range but
the older age range really uses Facebook
stuff
LinkedIn is comments engaging comments
they need to be at real conversations at
least 12 words long and you need other
profiles with similar types of following
to leave comments in the first four uh
hours Tick Tock it doesn't have to be uh
comments from people with the same
audience as it can be with anyone but
LinkedIn you need
people with similar type of audiences
leaving comments that works the best
what could be the logic behind
this hint
it's all about the network effect is my
guess and they look at it from a
business side and you know who has
similar networks and what people they
think one would like the other may like
the the thing about LinkedIn that is so
cool and so important for us I mean it's
very important but we don't usually use
it for selling we use it more for brand
but LinkedIn is if you if I like a post
of somebody else that post starts
getting delivered to my audience yes
it's very different from the Instagram
yes so if someone from my uh Network
commencing it and has a base of
following similar to me really uh that's
that's very assertive yeah and then with
Google it's all about Brands they want
to rank Brands higher like in the world
if you look at the term Nike it's
searched more than the term shoes
so more people search for Nike than the
word shoes
so yeah but like it's you said about
Brands but it's only uh brands or or for
example if Nike writes something about
investment uh because Nike is a no no
that won't work that don't work but when
you're trying to rank on Google you need
to stick with your Niche uh or your
industry if you're good at business
stick with business if you're Nike and
you deal with Athletics you can stick
with Athletics or shoes or apparels or
whatever it may be but on top of that if
you want to rank higher Google looks at
how many people are typing in your
company's brand name into Google
the more they type it in the more of a
signal it shows that you should rank
higher so you can release free tools and
good content and this all helps you
build a brand